thirty some-odd years after Star Wars
to do number seven I felt you know very
happy to be able to continue adding to
this glossary of themes
Jezzie did speak to me about the feeling
we would all want to have that this is
Star Wars awaited zone Williams and then
it docked and particularly connected if
we could does he Hurley offends me
we doesn't have Leia we have han and
Lucca be visitors here there are
references to earlier somatic
connections between characters and music
and so on and that seemed a very natural
thing to do and combine it with new
melodic material for the new characters
Rey percieve has a musical grammar that
is not heroic in the sense of a hero's
theme it's kind of an adventure theme
that maybe promises more than resolving
itself in the most major triumphant
resolutions
when we first meet her she's been alone
she's without her parents I felt a lot
of empathy for that girl
and I think Ray's theme these Sybilla
straight that
I approach the task of kylo Ren really
just as an extension of Darth Vader in a
way don't be a gift the power of the
doctors and I didn't want to get too
close to it
but if it could convey in a few short
notes as the Imperial March does this
evil power strength threat
it needs to be something it will hit you
as accessible right away one in one take
seven five six when we recorded the
opening and closing of the very first
Star Wars film I didn't have any idea
there would be a second one none of us
had the idea that we'd ever hear music
again
when we played that music with the
orchestra the beginning in the end it
was a celebratory moment for them and
for me in Jersey
it was like visiting an old friend
have it kept up with a new this law I
have to say that I just feel very
grateful
you